NGC location (#626)
NVIDIA/cuda-quantum: docs/sphinx/install.rst

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Docker images for all CUDA Quantum releases are available on the `NGC Container Registry`_.
To download images from NGC, please follow the following steps if you have not done so already:

- `Create an account <https://ngc.nvidia.com/signin>`__

> - `Sign in <https://ngc.nvidia.com/signin>`__ to access your account and go to `Setup <https://ngc.nvidia.com/Setup>`__.

Author: ```suggestion
- `Sign in <https://ngc.nvidia.com/signin>`__ to access your account and go to `Setup <https://ngc.nvidia.com/setup>`__.
```

- Click on `Get API Key` and generate a new key (this will invalidate any existing keys).
- Follow the instructions that appear to use that key to log in to the NGC registry using Docker.

Once you have done so, run `docker login nvcr.io` (again) to confirm you can authenticate with the registry. 
You should see a message "Login Succeeded".

.. _NGC Container Registry: https://catalog.ngc.nvidia.com/orgs/nvidia/containers/cuda-quantum

> In addition to publish stable releases, we also publish docker image whenever we update the main branch of our `GitHub repository <https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuda-quantum>`_.

Author: ```suggestion
In addition to publishing stable releases, we also publish docker images whenever we update the main branch of our `GitHub repository <https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuda-quantum>`_.
```

> In addition to publish stable releases, we also publish docker image whenever we update the main branch of our `GitHub repository <https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuda-quantum>`_.

Author: done

These images are published in a separate location `nvidia/nightly` on NGC, as well as on GitHub.
To download the latest version on the main branch of our GitHub repository, for example, use the command

.. code-block:: console

>     docker pull nvcr.io/nvidia/nightly/cuda-quantum:latest

Author: Yes, thanks for catching this.
